feat: support root_id for storage backends (#808)
docarray/docarray: docs/fundamentals/documentarray/subindex.md

```
````

> Such a search will return Documents from the subindex. If you are interested in the top-level Documents associated with a match, you can retrieve them using `parent_id`:

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence, I would say that this is not the recommended usage anymore. Instead people should use the new feature.

top_level_matches = da[top_image_matches[:, 'parent_id']]
```
````

Or you can set `return_root=True` in `find` for DocumentArray in a {ref}`Document Store<doc-store>`:

````{tab} Subindex with dataclass modalities
```python
top_level_matches = da.find(query=np.random.rand(512), on='@.[image]', return_root=True)
```
````
````{tab} Subindex with chunks
```python
top_level_matches = da.find(query=np.random.rand(512), on='@c', return_root=True)
```
````

````{admonition} Note
:class: note

> When you add or change Documents on nested level directly, the `_root_id_` (or `parent_id` for DocumentArrayInMemory) of new Documents should be set manually for `return_root=True` to work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add or change Documents directly on a subindex, the `_root_id_` (or `parent_id` for DocumentArrayInMemory) of new Documents should be set manually for `return_root=True` to work:
```
